SUNDAY, MARCH 5TH, 2023
2 A.M.
That's right. He's here.
Because I…
I can see Masaru.
What?
He's here.
TUESDAY, MARCH 7TH, 2023
He truly is.
I see.
He's here.
Naoki.
So, I don't feel lonely at all.
We see
what we want to see.
-Go in through the back window.
-Got it.
Yui.
What is
Naoki saying?
Naoki's also
asking "Why?"
That's enough, Yui.
Why?
Eisuke, please stop.
You wanna know?
Do you really wanna know why?
Naoki says
he wants
to know.
JANUARY 13TH
I'm hungry! I'm starving!
12:40 P.M.
Is lunch ready yet?
Rio Ozaki? No, I don't remember her.
I was able to get in touch with her,
so I'm glad.
Masaru asked me to do so.
Seems like she has some sort of situation.
Situation?
Oh, what time are you meeting her?
Should you be doing this?
Is she coming here?
At Haishop Café
in front of the station at 3 p.m.
She said to meet there.
It's ready! Come and get it!
Okay!
Sorry, I need to go back to the school.
I'll be right back.
Oh, sure.
1:35 P.M.
-Sorry for leaving everything to you.
-No worries.
I bet you didn't have time to eat
with all the kids.
I'm also starving.
-Let's eat together.
-Okay.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
I don't know, I feel sluggish.
Can I sit for a moment?
You rest. I'll be right over here.
Sorry.
Let's keep quiet.
2:15 P.M.
I guess he's just tired.
We'll thank him another time.
2:50 P.M.
So, he's trying to return the money?
Why now?
Anyway, I planned to meet Rio first
and ask her not to talk about the old days
and make up a random story
about the money.
3:35 P.M.
Ms. Rio Ozaki, can you hear me?
She's regaining consciousness.
Can you get Dr. Tomita for me?
Yes.
3:45 P.M.
Naoki?
I'm Rio Ozaki.
You're Naoki Torino, are you not?
You're Naoki, right?
We were supposed to meet up… Huh?
Why am I…?
Did you drink something?
Huh?
Anyways, have a seat.
I knew it. You had nothing to do with it.
Huh?
I need to talk with you somewhere else.
It's not safe here.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I said I'd give it back.
Hey.
Is this restaurant run by Eisuke Ikezawa?
Rio was terrified of me.
You heard from Rio, didn't you, Naoki?
About what we--
What I used to do.
4:00 P.M.
So that money is…
At the time,
I thought I had cut all ties with her.
However…
SUZU: STAY QUIET IF YOU DON'T WANT
TO END UP LIKE THIS
Suzuka was murdered.
Chiyo Mutou started her business again.
Suzuka knew it, and blackmailed her.
That's why she was killed.
Chiyo Mutou
would never get her own hands dirty.
She makes someone else do the dirty work
and makes them clean up afterwards.
It's always him who takes care of it.
Eisuke Ikezawa
is a terrifying person.
You need to stay away from him.
He would never tell you the truth.
Do you remember Yui?
We're dating…
I see.
I'm thinking of proposing.
Then you have to stay away.
4:22 P.M.
NAOKI TORINO
What's up?
I'll tell you.
Can you come over to Masaru's house.
I have some news for you.
Why the hell did you call me?
Because I believe that
the Eisuke I know is different.
Rio Ozaki has regained consciousness.
-Call headquarters!
-Has she really?
Yes, Sir.
Huh? Where did he go?
Huh?
Are you serious?
EISUKE IKEZAWA IS POSSIBLE CULPRIT.
AT MASARU HIROTA'S HOUSE.
5:50 P.M.
What happened 20 years ago,
is exactly like Rio said.
But it's different now.
I cut ties with Chiyo Mutou back then.
Is that when you gave Rio the 5 million?
Chiyo Mutou had a fight with a big client
and couldn't do her business anymore.
When I left, I handed out
hush money to everyone.
Rio said she didn't want it,
but I couldn't just not give it to her.
Did you do all the dirty work?
I handled money transfers, pickups,
and drop-offs.
I even made threats.
That was my job.
If I said it was a means of living,
that would be an excuse.
Chiyo Mutou, you know, she's sweet
when she's there, right in front of you.
I'm too trusting when a person
who's right in front of me is nice.
But you're different now.
Yes.
When I started talking to Masaru,
I realized.
It's not like he did anything
special for me.
He was so normal.
And he treated everyone kindly.
Mikiko did as well.
I thought…
"These people don't have
any bad intentions at all."
Yeah.
After that,
I started helping out here.
I know the rest.
Is it true that Suzuka was murdered?
That's what Rio said.
I haven't seen Rio or Suzuka in 20 years.
I didn't even know that Chiyo Mutou
had started her business again.
That's
the whole story.
Okay.
To think that type of work
is still happening out there
somewhere makes me sick.
But Suzuka's case
has nothing to do with it.
It'll likely be settled as
due to financial issues.
The Statue of Limitations
for my crime is up.
That's why
I beg of you.
Please pretend you didn't hear anything.
Let me stay the way I am.
I regret what I've done.
I know.
From my perspective,
the Eisuke I've seen is the real you.
You can't leave a hurting child alone.
You'll rush over anytime or anywhere.
And they still exist, don't they?
Those…
kids who are being forced into this work.
But…
If we know about it,
then we can't just ignore it.
I want to save
as many children as possible.
So I'll… I'll…
I know! This house…
Masaru's house…
It can be a place for kids to stay.
I can help…
I can help a lot of kids now.
Can you really say that?
To the girl whose body is stolen from her.
Can you tell her you're giving up on her?
I have to help them.
Yes.
You're right.
But,
I'm done for.
That's not true.
I hope so.
Let's go. I have to talk to the police
as soon as possible.
Yeah.
I'll call Rio again…
What?
How naive.
The world isn't forgiving.
As long as you have a past,
you're screwed!
Be a good guy now? For the kids' sake?
You've gotta be kidding!
No matter how much I regret it
or how much I atone for it,
even after 20 years, I won't be forgiven!
I'm sorry.
You're wrong.
I wanted to become
a good person.
You are a good person.
I know that.
You put it in the pot,
then cover it with soil.
These flowers used to be so popular.
I always wanted to have
a happy home with flowers.
Really?
I hope it blooms again.
Yeah.
Your flower is blooming.
How pretty.
You totally forgot about them.
I feel sorry for the flowers.
I don't know about that.
You're taking such good care of them,
so aren't they happy?
Huh?
You're happy, aren't you?
You didn't water them at all.
I forgot.
Oh, it's already blooming.
It'll probably bloom tomorrow.
Hey,
tomorrow's your birthday, right?
JANUARY 12TH, 2023 THURSDAY
Yeah. It's okay if you're busy,
tomorrow's Friday.
I'll take the night off, so come over.
After you finish work.
Okay, fine but…
Why are you laughing?
Nothing.
I'll be there.
I have to go…
Yui.
MURDER CONFESSION SECURED
REQUEST DEPLOYMENT
Sorry, Yui.
You didn't have to kill him.
Eisuke.
You cared about Naoki, didn't you?
I loved him.
Naoki believed in you too.
So…
Yeah.
How could you?
He was so nice it made me hate him.
Sorry.
-Yui!
-Drop the weapon and put your hands up!
Yui,
I'm sorry.
Can you open the window?
I called for backup.
Soon this place will be surrounded.
You can't run. You have to stop now.
Don't come closer!
Naoki…
Eisuke,
why are you doing this?
I'm sorry.
Excuse me, can you give me a minute?
Yui!
-Quick!
-Huh?
Sorry! Please give us a moment.
Naoki!
-Where is he?
-He's here.
He's sitting.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
He's about to disappear!
-What?
-Watch how you say things.
Wait, Naoki. You can't.
I don't even have any static power left.
-What are you saying?
-Wait.
Wait, you can't.
I'm glad you're safe.
Don't go.
You can't go yet.
Tell her.
Please use me.
-What?
-Tell her in person!
I told you to use my body if you had to!
No, I can't…
Trust me and this amulet.
-Give me a break.
-Then I'll force you in.
Hurry!
It's fine.
What's with that confidence?
Naoki?
I have to make sure I have this with me.
Yeah.
I wonder how much time I have left?
I'm glad I can talk to you.
Yeah.
But what do I say?
What should my last words be?
Last…?
Yui.
Yui. I…
Yeah.
Meeting you…
Sorry.
Yui.
Yeah, I know.
Don't cry.
I'm not crying.
Naoki.
Mr. Uozumi?
Yes.
Thank you.
Were you able to talk?
Yes.
Was Naoki
able to tell you his feelings?
Huh? He's not here either?
Wait a minute.
He's nowhere to be found.
He didn't even say
goodbye to me, his senior.
PLEASE SMOKE IN THE SMOKING AREA
I'm alone again.
Yes?
I'm Uozumi from
the Sakihama Police Department.
Chiyo Mutou, you are under arrest for
violation of the Anti-Prostitution Law
and abduction of minors.
The murder of Suzuka Takahara
and the attempted murder of Yui Soma
were committed by Kinari Tanaka.
Although dead,
the charges have been filed.
Regarding the death of Kinari Tanaka,
Eisuke Ikezawa has confessed to the crime.
He also admitted to the murder
of Naoki Torino.
As for Chiyo Mutou, judging by
the job titles of the people involved,
the scale of the investigation is likely
to be expanded in the future.
As of today, this task force
will be downsized.
Good work, everyone.
Thank you.
Are you okay?
KANAGAWA POLICE
-About what?
-Your ghost friend is gone.
It'll be more normal without him around.
Well, yeah, but…
You look like you've lost your soul.
I'm the same as always.
About Kinari,
I've known him for a long time.
When I went to Chi's house,
I heard he was Chi's son.
But I don't know much.
Okay.
Suzuka and I were close,
so I often wonder "Why?"
They're both dead now…
so is Naoki.
I'm the only one
still here.
Naoki told me this once.
He said there's no crime in being safe.
You're alive and well,
and I'm happy I can talk to you again.
I've wanted to tell you this.
Thank you
for protecting me.
Are you eating well?
I'm fine. I've been eating.
I know of a very delicious
Gamjatang restaurant
I can take you to.
-Let's go sometime and let's eat a lot.
-Okay.
You know,
ghosts do exist.
Or at least
I've decided to believe they do.
-Sorry for the sudden notice.
-Don't worry.
Did you want to talk about the case?
No, that's mostly taken care of.
Um…
Are you doing okay?
Yeah.
I go to work every day.
When I go back to my daily life, I realize
that this has always been my way of life.
Sorry,
it will make you think about it again
but I would like to know…
Back then…
No, it's nothing.
It's okay. I wanted to talk to you too.
About Naoki.
After the third time,
I was glad you came back safe and sound.
That…
That guy…
He's not the type of person
who would steal someone's body.
You really know him well.
When you guys last spoke…
-Yes?
-Naoki didn't say…
anything to you, did he?
-No.
-I knew it!
I'm sorry.
Even though you sacrificed yourself
so that we wouldn't have any regrets.
But, why?
At that time,
facing each other, I realized.
Of course,
seeing Naoki's eyes,
touching him,
and hearing his voice is special.
So I thought.
But we've always had
a special bond between us.
Of course, it would be nice if we could
tell each other exactly what we wanted,
face to face and say our goodbyes.
But,
maybe there's no such thing as
a proper farewell.
Probably,
everyone has to keep on living life,
even if it's not what they pictured.
Every morning I wake up and think
it would be nice if it was all a dream.
Oh, you're awake.
Naoki?
Hungry?
You've had very little to eat lately.
Huh?
I know this is probably too heavy
for breakfast, but…
A fool's memory is the strongest.
Don't you wanna eat?
Is this a dream?
It's not a dream.
Am I dead?
What're you saying?
But…
That hurts.